Hello everyone and welcome to this biking tutorial in the previous video we have defined the custom
head for our neural network.
And in this one we are going to create our final model by combining the base model with our custom head
so in the first free cell ride model.
And so far in the previous sections we use sequential method from our carers to create neural networks.
But in this case since we are combining two neural networks we are going to use a simple model which
allows us to specify the inputs and outputs separately right.
Do you have dot carers dot models.
And now we control our sequential as always or model inside the model.
We can specify inputs and outputs as you can see here in the dog string so set inputs to our model to
assess the input layer from our base model.
So right base model dot inputs and for the output set our prediction layer and that's basically it.
We have combined two networks from our base model we used inputs and from our custom had we use prediction
layer to create one whole network for the end of the video.
Let's change the structure of the whole network.
Right.
Model dot summary and as before we have all theirs from our base model.
But if you scroll all down to the bottom you can see two neural layers.
Our global average pooling layer and the dance layer which is our prediction layer as well and that's
it for now.
Now you know how to combine two networks and create your transfer learning model.
If you have any questions or comments please bother them in the comments section otherwise see seen
the next tutorial.